>> Sean Larkin: So I did kind
of a soul search cuz I wanted to
do a talk about code splitting.
And of course,
I went to Google and I searched,
then I found our old Webpack docs and
I was like dang it.
I was looking for more historical context,
like who invented this idea, right?
But turns out, as you heard from me
yesterday, it's Google Web Toolkit.
Who's ever used Google Web Toolkit
in the Java world?
You know, you understand.
So they're the pioneers of this
technology, is that you can take,
and if there is code that isn't used
right away, like a button event or
something, Google Web Toolkit would allow
you to have this method called run asynch.
And any of the code inside of here
wouldn't actually run until that event
occurred, and it would be separated
into a separate piece of JavaScript,
right, that would be fetched dynamically.
And so,
when Tobias forked modules web make,
the whole point was to bring
this technology into bundlers.
[COUGH] And so, I tried to beat,
I will beat this concept dead today.
I want you to walk away,
how would I say this?
How would I be so
over dramatic saying this?
This is the number one most important
thing that you could walk away with for
enabling performance in
your web applications.
If you learned anything,
this is the one thing that I want to
make sure you know back and front.
No matter what.
And this definition is very,
I'm very persnickety about it because
you're gonna hear a lot of other tools and
a lot of other frameworks that are gonna
say zero config code splitting.
That's not a thing.
Or you'll hear somebody say
>> Sean Larkin: Other tools like Roll Up,
they'll say we have code
splitting now out of the box.
Really, they don't, it's different.
And this is not to knock on those.
Rich Harris is a very
close friend of mine.
It's just not the same thing.
And you'll hear maybe like Ember.
If you've ever used Ember, they say, yeah,
we have code splitting,
it's called Ember Islands.
And no, that's just loading
something in an iFrame dynamically.
So code splitting to us means
creating at build time,
separate chunks of Java script that
will only be reloaded asynchronously.
So think about that.
Everything that we
create is at build time.
So when you use code splitting,
you're creating these lazy
bundles in your build step.
And they are accessed via WebPack in
the coded transforms asynchronously.
So how does it work?
We're actually gonna go through this
entire process more in depth after we talk
about performance.
But essentially, what WebPack does under
the hood is it takes your entry point,
it passes it to this thing called a
resolver where you just make sure the file
exists, right?
Cuz if it doesn't,
you can't parse it and read it.
>> Sean Larkin: We read the source code,
we parse it, and we look for
dependency statements like imports,
redquires, the common JS, AMD syntax, etc.
And then, we put these little object
models called dependencies on them.
Well, all that we do differently
with code splitting is that it's
a different type of dependency.
It's another flavor.
And we leverage this
information to say okay,
at this point, separate everything
in the graph into a separate bundle.
Flatten it, and create it.